docs: implementing custom services for auto grid / form / crud (#3008)
vaadin/docs: articles/react/components/auto-crud/index.asciidoc

When using Auto CRUD, it's important to check that you don't expose sensitive data to the client-side. For example, if you have a `password` property in your entity, hiding it using `visibleFields` does not prevent the data from being sent to the client-side. Make sure your service implementation doesn't expose sensitive data to the client-side. You could do this, for example, by using a `@JsonIgnore` annotation on the property.

For more detailed examples of customizing the underlying form, please refer to the <<../auto-form/index.asciidoc#,Auto Form>> component documentation.

== Working with Plain Java Beans

> Auto CRUD supports working with plain, non-JPA beans. This can be useful, for example if you want to use the Data Transfer Object (DTO) pattern to decouple your domain from your presentation logic, or want to avoid serializing your JPA entities to the client-side due to performance concerns.

Reviewer: `client-side` looks like a compound adjective, but here it's not used as such

=== Implementing a Custom Service
:auto-crud:

include::./_shared.adoc[tag=custom-crud-service]

==== Advanced Implementations

Implementing a service that is not based on JPA requires more work than the example above.

> The `get`, `save` and `delete` method implementations should be straight-forward to adapt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `get`, `save` and `delete` method implementations should be straightforward to adapt.
```

For more detailed examples of customizing the underlying form, please refer to the <<../auto-form/index.asciidoc#,Auto Form>> component documentation.

== Working with Plain Java Classes

Auto CRUD supports working with plain, non-JPA Java classes. This can be useful, for example if you want to use the Data Transfer Object (DTO) pattern to decouple your domain from your presentation logic, or want to avoid serializing your JPA entities to the client due to performance concerns.

=== Implementing a Custom Service

// tag::custom-crud-service[]
To use plain Java classes, you need to provide a custom implementation of the `CrudService<T>` interface, as the `CrudRepositoryService<T>` base class only works with JPA entities. The following methods need to be implemented:

* `List<T> list(Pageable pageable, Filter filter)`: Returns a list of paginated, sorted and filtered items.
* `T save(T value)`: Either creates a new item or updates an existing one, depending on whether the item has an ID or not. Returns the saved item.
* `void delete(ID id)`: Deletes the item with the given ID.

ifdef::auto-form[]
[NOTE]

> `CrudService` is a common interface shared with other components such as <<../auto-crud#,Auto CRUD>> and as such requires implementing a `list` method for fetching items. If you intend to use the service only with the Auto Form component, you can create a fake implementation of that method, for example by throwing an exception.

Reviewer: Now that https://github.com/vaadin/hilla/pull/1852 is merged, this should be rephrased

Author: It looks like this would require a lot more changes, including rephrasing the introduction and updating the examples to use a `FormService`. I would suggest to merge as is so the content is available for the DX tests. I would prepare a follow up PR to make the requested changes today.

Reviewer: OK. I can take care of the follow up too.
